# AutoML Hackathon

This repo contains a reduced version of the project contents for UW-Madison's AutoML hackathon in Fall '22. The hackathon involved making a submission to a larger AutoML competition spanning multiple universities having a grand prize of $20k. I entered into the hackathon with 3 other teammates (our team name was PureLeaf like the tea beverage company), and we ended up winning the hackathon by being the only team from UW-Madison to make a successful submission to the national competition (out of about 10 other teams who entered) that weekend. We also won the presentation portion of the competition by having the best student presentation about AutoML and our project.

AutoML involves automating the task of applying machine learning to real-world problems, in particular with limited or no knowledge about the task type or input data. We surveyed multiple AutoML packages like Auto-SKLearn and PyCaret but could only get AutoGluon working. AutoML packages train multiple models (such as XGBoost, KNN, etc.) to find the best performing model for a given set of input data during training. We relied on Pandas, SKLearn, and PyTorch to load, manipulate, and split our data. We also began experimenting with a custom implementation of a model selector algorithm, which we discussed in our presentation.

A big part of the challenge of this project was running the provided project code from the docker container, wrangling dependencies, and then finally making improvements over the baseline models' scores. Ultimately, our team decided to focus on 2/10 of the obscured tasks on the CodaLab server, and we created a model that successfully ran for and improved over the baseline models for those tasks. This project taught me a ton about AutoML, ML models, and Docker. I also loved working with my teammates so it was a great experience!